console.log- 
In JavaScript, console. log is a built-in function that allows you to output messages or values to the console. It is commonly used for debugging and understanding what is happening in your code.

const-
In JavaScript, const is a keyword used to declare a variable that cannot be reassigned a new value. It is similar to let , but the value of a const variable cannot be changed once it has been declared.

Comparison Operator - Used to compare two values and returns a value of true or false. Examples of comparison operators in JavaScript include greater than (>), less than (<), greater than or equal to (>=), and less than or equal to (<=).

Concatenate - The process of joining two or more strings together to create a new, longer string. In JavaScript, you can concatenate strings using the + operator.

Equality Operator - An equality operator is used to compare two values for equality and returns a boolean value of true or false. The double equals sign (==) is used to check for loose equality, which means that the two values are equal in value but not necessarily in type. The triple equals sign (===) is used to check for strict equality, which means that the two values are equal in value and type.

Math Operations - JavaScript provides a set of built-in math operations that can be used to perform calculations on numbers, such as addition (+), subtraction (-), multiplication (*), division (/), and modulo (%), among others.

Null: The Null type represents an intentional absence of any object value, and has exactly one value: null. In JavaScript, null is a primitive value and is not an object, but can be used where an object is expected in JavaScript.

Number: A data type that represents both integers and floating-point numbers.
Strict Equality Operator: The Strict Equality Operator, or ===, is a comparison operator that tests if two values are equal, without performing type coercion. If the two values being compared are of different types, the result will be false.

String: A data type that represents a sequence of characters. Strings can be created using single or double quotes, and can be concatenated using the (+) operator.
Type coercion: The automatic or implicit conversion of a value from one data type to another by the programming language, often in order to perform an operation or comparison
Undefined: The Undefined type represents a variable that has been declared but has not been assigned a value. It only has one value: undefined

Variable - A container that holds a value, which can be a string, number, boolean, or other data type.

var- A keyword that was originally used to declare variables in JavaScript.
let- A keyword that is now used primarily in place of var to  declare variables in a local scope.


what is correct placement for javaScript elements to link them to my html?